Ikhsan	: Good evening everyone
Nehemiah: Evening
Faris	: Tonight
Ikhsan	: In this evening
Ikhsan	: We will discuss about the application developed by:Creativedevelopment.com
which is located in Jakarta. the app is Jaritmatika. So Jaritmatika is an application
that displays the Jaritmatika method, namely: a method that calculates mathematics
by hand.
Ikhsan	: straight to sharescreen
Nehemiah: OK
Faris	: Straight to share screen
Nehemiah: Now we will share screen the first page of Jaritmatika
Ikhsan	: Yes, this is the first page of the Jaritmatika application. On this first page it
only contains a list of it's contents. then there is a continue button. Actually
on this first page the contents list aren't needed, because later when, for example, it is clicked, it
will continue to appear later anyway, the materials. so, On the first page , the contents list is not used because
we can be directly clicked continue.
Nehemiah: Okay, can i give input or not? a suggestion
Ikhsan	: Yes please
Nehemiah: OK if in  my opinion the first page is useless. So it's better to replace it with the application
logo if one exist.
Ikhsan	: Yes, that's right.
Nehemiah: Instead of just this. Thats my opinion. How about you Faris? any opinion? This is the discussion after all.
Faris	: Nothing.
Nehemiah: Nothing? okay. We can just go to page 2 right everyone? Can we?
Ikhsan	: Yes, please continue
Faris	: Yeah, lets just continue
Nehemiah: Okay. Now we are entering the main men.. the material menu. Materials of Jaritmatika. if you look here
here are the four materials jaritmatika 1, 2 and jaritmatika 3, and 4. In my opinion. there is a button above,
but this button has no use at all. it just poping out "smart with fingers, learning mathematics".
that all there is. any opinion?
Ikhsan	: Okay, I have an opinion.
Nehemiah: Yes, it's okay. Come on
Ikhsan	: So for the links, learning jaritmatika 1, jaritmatika 2, learning jaritmatika 3, learning jaritmatika 4.
it's better to just replace them with buttons
Nehemiah: What kind of buttons?
Ikhsan	: Button, like usualy when you play games there is a play option and a button for that
Nehemiah: oh so you mean they should have colors?
Ikhsan	: yes, the buttons should have colors. like for example buttons, like...a rounded box but there are writings.
for example: games has play, then option, then exit, and so on. just make it like that. for example: Jaritmatika 1, 2, 3, 4
Nehemiah: Oh, so it are not just writing. i see, i see. Faris, do you have any opinion?
Faris	: Nothing.
Nehemiah: Nothing? also, I want to add more. there are 4 menus, but the 4 menus don't tell you what their materials are
Ikhsan	: Yes, that's right.
Nehemiah: it's ambiguous, so what do you mean by Jaritmatika 1, 2, 3, and 4? what are the diffrences? it didnt get explained
maybe they need to add more (to) the menus. alright let's continue to the material menu material page. not all, let's just pick one
Ikhsan	: cool
Faris	: OK , let's continue
Nehemiah: OK we're already on page 3. Faris, maybe you can give us a starting opinion
Faris	: Yes, on page three. The design is not very interesting, the image too, how do you say it? it's like a pdf.
not interactive
Nehemiah: yes, agree. so it should be made more like there is something thats going on. i mean, yea... The explanation is actually okay
if i say myself but not attractive enough. Its not too interactive either so in the end its like reading a pdf. maybe, if we wanto to...
we can take a look at other pages? or not? maybe not nevermind, let's just take a look. this is Jaritmatika 2. it looks the same?
Faris	: This is the same as before
Ikhsan	: it's the same
Nehemiah: it's not very attractive, the picture is not fitting if i say so. do you guys think the image placement is not quite right? it's like
its really neatpicking, but both left and right are very different. but this is not too important. yes, thats all i have to say. it not attractive enough, just like a pdf
let's see the third one. it's the same. the image is now too wide. yes, it's just the same.
Ikhsan	: oh, also an addon. In the material section earlier, the third slide.
Nehemiah: Yes?
Ikhsan	: the images margin are to the left, it suppose to be centered. so its pleasing to look
Nehemiah: Ah yes, i agree. but that's all of the application, just three pages. the first page, the main menu, and material menus, that's all
Ikhsan	: the page. what's the word? it's better for the content list to be replaced with the application logo. Then on the second page
what's the word? the writings "learning jaritmatika" in the form of link, is better to be made into buttons. so, it looks like in games
Nehemiah: oh, button forms of the material titles. so that it is clear what the difference between jaritmatika 1, 2, and 3.
Ikhsan	: yes, also in the title of the material it's not too clear. because it's only "learn jaritmatika 1, learn jaritmatika 2" to "learn jaritmatika 4"
there should be for example, like "multiplication with 2" and maybe "multiplication with nine". like that.
Nehemiah: the 3rd page?
Ikhsan	: then for page 3. the design, is not interesting
Nehemiah: and it's not interactive either, no?
Ikhsan	: and it's also not interactive
Nehemiah: Yes
Ikhsan	: because the form of the page looks like a pdf
Nehemiah: Yes agree
Ikhsan	: Then also, for the placement of the image is also not good to look at. because all the image are set to left margin
Nehemiah: Yes
Ikhsan	: Well it suppose to, so its nice to look at. the image margin are centered, a bit to the middle.
Nehemiah: Yep, understand. but, for the materials they are easy to understand. i can agree on that. its better than the other
it's easy to follow because there are images. thats the only thing that is good from the app. but yes, it's not interesting right?
Ikhsan	: yep
Nehemiah: okay , that's all right? Ikhsan, close the discussion please.
Ikhsan	: That's all for our discussion tonight. if there is any lack whatsover, we apologies. good night everyone
Faris	: Night Ikhsan
Nehemiah: Night Ikhsan


