Ikhsan	: Good evening everyone
Everyone: good evening
Pramudio: Good night, nite, nitee
Nehemiah: let's continue. 
Ikhsan	: So this evening. We from group K Human Computer Interaction, Jakarta State University
want to hold a voting from 2 design made by Nehemiah and M Faris
Pramudio: Aight, cool
Nehemiah: Ok
Nehemiah and Ikhsan: So
Ikhsan	: we continue to Nehem
Nehemiah: maybe Ikhsan, talk a bit about the application first
Ikhsan	: the application? oh the application! the application that we made the mockups for
called Jaritmatika. That is developed by creativedeveloper.com which located in Jakarta
Nehemiah: okay next we will show the designs
Ikhsan	: Yes, ok. please do
Nehemiah: Okay, now i want to show the designs from us. okay, for the first design designed by
M Faris. So the application Jaritmatika is actually pretty simple. so this is Faris' design
Faris can you explain it for us?
Faris	: umm, how do i explain it? from the image of the first page there is a start button
and the title. after you tap Start, you go straight to the second page the collection of "learning Jaritmatika"
there is also the back button and the options. and there in the bottom is a place for ads
Nehemiah: and the third one?
Faris	: First, tap one of the options. then the next page the third one, The inside are contents
from Jaritmatika 1, 2 and 3. that's all.
Nehemiah: is there any question maybe?
Zafran	: I am Zafran Bahij, i want to ask a question. there are 4 boxes, what are the menus for them?
the menus that meant to be put in there perhaps
Faris	: so there are 4 contents, Jaritmatika 1, Jaritmatika 2, Jaritmatika 3, Jaritmatika 4
and developer can add more.
Zafran	: so for each... for example Jaritmatika 1, the one who would come up is the image to the right?
Faris	: Uhum (yes)
Zafran	: okay, thanks for the answer
Nehemiah: okay, is there anymore question?
Faris	: are there more?
Nehemiah: okay, we will continue to the second design. for the second design there is a page for the main menu
that one on the left there is a title, and the start button at the bottom. i put there on purpose
so you can easily press it with one hand. that is all, there is no other excuse. and then for the second menu
there is the menu for Jaritmatika 1, 2, 3, 4. so for Jaritmatika 1 there is a title and also 
the description of the material, shortly. for example: multiplication of 7 and 8, multiplication of 7, 8, 9 and 10 etc
if pressed, then will pop out to the material menu to the right. with a instructional image to the top, title in the middle.
and there is below the title, stock text to represent the location for the text material. and the design if if is say 
should be made into parts. so to continue to the next part you must press "next step" or "last step" from there
to go back to the starting menu, there is a button there on the bottom. that's all. any question?
Faris	: Any question?
Pramudio: There are none
Anindyo	: Looks like not
Pramudio: the back to menu button will it be improved or stay the way it is?
Nehemiah: simple as it is
Faris	: Improve
Nehemiah: just let it be
Faris	: will be improved later
Pramudio: and why in the lower left corner? what if you acidentally pressed the lower left of the phone?
Nehemiah: but in contrary, if i must say so. it's easier to press the button on the bottom than on the middle or the top
Pramudio: but maybe too low and its too close to the other button on the phone
Nehemiah: yea, that can also happen
Faris	: if can, maybe it can be improve upon. maybe can be added button to continue
Nehemiah: The continue button already exist there, the "next step" button
Faris	: oh it already exit?
Nehemiah: yes it is
Nehemiah: any more question?
Zafran	: umm Nehem, can i give a kind of advice? a bit
Nehemiah: of course you can
Zafran	: Maybe if i remember correctly. the title menu is bettter represented as an image of a home
Nehemiah: oh, of course, of course
Zafran	: so the for home menu perhaps people would already think "home is for going to menu". that's about it actually
Nehemiah: of course, of course. thank you for the advice Zafran. anymore question?
Alfaro	: can i give an advice?
Nehemiah: yes you can of course
Alfaro	: my advice is for the color. the problem is from the page 1, page 2, page 3. in my opinion there are too many colors
in the first page there are the same color, page 2 have the same color, page 3 have the same color, like that. so, there's colored red here
Nehemiah: Yes
Alfaro	: The 3rd one. and in page 1 and 2, there are none right? so, it looks like there are too many colors
Nehemiah: okay, i understand
Faris	: constant?
Nehemiah: yes, so don't use too many colors
Pramudio: yea, please dont use bright colors. if its in drawing grapich use the lower middle color, like that. don't use top left and right colors 
Nehemiah: Ok, ok. okay anything else?
Alfaro	: and the start button if i must say in my opinion can be rounded a little bit. so not everything will be a square
Pramudio: that can later be done in the improvement. this is still a mockup afterall
Nehemiah: yes this is still a mockup. so is there anything else? okay maybe we can start the voting process. how about that? agree?
everyone: agree
Nehemiah: okay one by one, want me to call by name, or anyone want to talk first? who first? hello?
Pramudio: bye-bye
Nehemiah: i will pick, how about that?
other	: it's fine
Nehemiah: okay. started from Zafran maybe?
Zafran	: for me personally i would prefer the number 2
Nehemiah: for Alfero?
Alfaro	: okay, for me it is 2
Nehemiah: Pramudio?
Pramudio: actually prefer number one but it lack colors
Nehemiah: Okay so design number 1
Ikhsan	: for the color, it can still be changed
Nehemiah: it's fine, it's fine. it can be added. brother Anindyo?
Anindyo	: if it's according to me, both are good but i prefer number 2
Nehemiah: for Asep?
Asep	: if it's me i pick number 2. yours Nehem
Nehemiah: Okay so for the score it's 1 to 4 yes? okay so the chosen design is design number 2
Ikhsan	: maybe there are more input? from the other 
Zafra	: from me, maybe there are none
Ikhsan	: okay, so this meeting can be closed. that's all voting for today. if there are any mistakes, we ask for forgivenes. good evening everyone